---- Important notes ----
-Unity's Rule tile system alternative
Since Unity's default rule tile system is somehow limited and does not cover some aspects of autotiling out of the box, tilesets with multiple heights(e.g walls
with 2 or more tiles of height) have no rule tile setup. Also, whilst animated tilesets are setup and ready to use, no tile variation is set. 
To sum up, 90% of all tilesets are setup and ready to use.

-TiledMap Editor alternative
All tilesets have full autotile support and this is as easy as selecting a brush for a specific tileset and start drawing. 
The rules are setup to be used with the "Automapping while drawing" deactivaded, so all you have to do is draw and, once you
have finished, press CTRL + M or CMD + M(This is called automapping, which is the autotile version of Tiled). If you are drawing
actual terrains(tilesets with no height), then in this case you just have to draw and no further action is needed. In this case
you'd only use the built-in autotile(terrain brush(T))

TiledMap Editor is a great and well known 2D map editor. You can create maps for your game and import it 
to Unity using SuperTiled2Unity importer. A sample scene is provided.

Hint: after importing your map to Unity, if you find some errors, especially regarding the max size of
the tileset, try restarting Unity after fixing these issues. It might be fixed already but the error sometimes only dissapears after restarting.

*My tilesets' smallest area is a 2x2 grid.

links: 
Tiled offical site: https://www.mapeditor.org/ 
Tiled official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/39wbTv7
SuperTiled2Unity: https://seanba.itch.io/supertiled2unity (this should be imported as a Unity package)

----------------------------------------

Notes/tips
>There are tilesets which transitions to transparency too but since this asset is quite big, I didn't configured the transparency version in Unity to
avoid too much pollution due to diplicated stuff. If you prefer this version, you can replace the already configured tilesets by the transparent one
which shares the same tile index. The transparent version can be found at Tilesets\Transparency version
> tilesets with grass1 and 2 can be mixed to use both styles. It works the same compared to the grass terrain,
provided in the file 'Tileset - Terrain'. The idea is to mix them in order to have an even more organic look.
> The same idea is applied to every tileset with grass, like 'flooded grass', etc

> platform - flooded ground tilesets - The water has 58% opacity and It's meant to be used with some ground bellow the water
Works best when used with grassy stone ground, but you can test it out some other options.

>The color variation can be used to keep contrast between the elements(props). As you already noticed, the art style for this pack - and for the
entire series - does not include hard outlines everywhere, so use this constrast to give you depth for the environment. 
Examples of its use can be found in the mockups 

>The darker and extra darker grass are meant to be used only as specific shading but feel free to use it as you wish. Examples of its
use can be found in the mockups

>Stone ground is mainly used to be blended with grass (transitioning to grass). The main ground is grass 
that transitions between different grasses and almost everything is designed to be place on it.

-STAIRS
They connect with the correspondent tiles( snapping ). 
>In order to use the diagonal stairs with transparency correctly you must remove the platform's corner tile bellow.
>Horizontal stairs inner tile is tileable, having the possibility to create a more wide stairs.
>Generally It's recommended that you place stairs in a layer above it to avoid missing tiles since stairs have predefined snapping positions
